Control-Tower Changes - Migrating from AWS API polling integrations to Metrics Streaming (#32)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-ct-newrelic-one: docs/partner_editable/product_description.adoc

The {partner-product-short-name} Quick Start allows you to scale the observability
of your AWS Control Tower managed landing zones with New Relic, right from the moment accounts are enrolled. You spend no time managing New Relic integration while automatically monitoring your AWS enviornment from New Relic.

> {partner-product-short-name} requires that you grant read permission to operational telemetry data from your AWS account. To do this, use an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that uses https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/tutorial_cross-account-with-roles.html[IAM cross-account access^]. {partner-product-short-name} uses Amazon CloudWatch Metric Stream and Firehose Delivery Stream to collect and stream telemetry data for your monitored AWS services to New Relic. For more information, see https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/amazon-integrations/get-started/integrations-managed-policies[Integrations and managed policies^]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{partner-product-short-name} requires that you grant read permission to operational telemetry data from your AWS account. To do this, use an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that uses https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/tutorial_cross-account-with-roles.html[IAM cross-account access^].  To collect and stream your monitored telemetry data to New Relic, {partner-product-short-name} uses an Amazon CloudWatch metric stream and a Kinesis Firehose delivery stream. For more information, refer to https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/amazon-integrations/get-started/integrations-managed-policies[Integrations and managed policies^]. 
```
